Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
From Hanselman it's dot com.
It's Hanselman. It's a weekly
discussion with web developer and
technologist Scott Hanselman. This is
Lawrence Ryan announcing show number 567.
In this episode, scout talks
with his wife Mo discussing
her health, her new job
and his recent trip to
Kenya and South Africa. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes.
It has been two or
300 episodes since I had
my wife on episode two
14. I think it was
on relationship hacks, which started
us working on the book
that we have never released.
Hello love. Why did we
not release the book? We're
like four or five chapters
in and then life happened.
Yeah, I mean, I was
at school, went to work
that can see lot of
happened. And I was told
not to finish it by
myself. Cause it wouldn't be
a relationship book. If I
wrote it by myself, that's
more of a monologue really?
You know, this was the
book my wife said was
not okay for me to
write. Yeah, we need to
get that book done. I
need to quit my job
and we need to finish
that book. No kidding. I
think it will be an
important book when we get
to it. Yeah, it's been
busy. I think it was
up. So 214, we did
a thing on relationship packs
and we talked about the
allowance system and all that
kind of stuff. But since
then you had cancer and
we did an episode of
this developer's life about cancer.
I know how you are,
but here's the question. How
are you? Thank you for
asking how's that cancer on.
Yeah. You know, only in
this household and the hands
on the household, could I
be told, get away from
diet cancer? I did not
say diet cancer either died.
Cancer, cancer, light cancer, light.
It wasn't cancer zero, but
I'm just saying it could
have been worse. Absolutely. It
could have been worse. And
I'm glad that, you know,
again, I didn't need chemo.
I didn't need radiation. So
it really feels like it
was a bullet dodged. It's
going to be five years
this year and it's pretty
exciting. It's pretty exciting. I'm
glad that so far knock
on wood. I've been good,
Right? So no, no chemo,
but extensive surgery with some
side effects, but you're basically
100% people can't tell that
you had cancer when you
walking around. Oh, which of
course is the point You
got all your fingers and
toes. Right? You got the
important stuff I've got the
important stuff is here for
cancer light. To be clear.
I don't remember saying cancer.
I think the point was
it could have been. Yeah,
absolutely. And I don't want
to make a, Now we're
here making fun of cancer
people. We have had friends
who have had considerably the
worst cancers. So to be
clear, we are not trying
to make light of cancer
just yours. No, I think
part of it was, I'm
sure we talked about this
before as the guilt of
having this big label assigned
to me when I felt
good and have continued to
feel good. It is very
hard sometimes to, to be
told, Oh yeah. Oh, you
have cancer. And you have
people give you this respect
and, and look at you
with such all. And you
think I don't deserve this
because my experience was different
than most. And again, I'll
take a second to tell
people, go in for your
annual exams, go in and
get your tests done because
truly it could save your
life as it did mine.
Right. This was picked up
on, on an annual exam,
on a regular exam. And
as we all know that
there are multiple stages of
cancer and this was one
of the, the lower one,
two, three stages and not
the major, like major stages.
So yeah. And just, just
same thing kind of applies
with, with diabetes. Like people
will see my pump, my
insulin pump, and they'll say,
Oh, you have really bad
diabetes. Like, Oh my goodness.
And then suddenly they start
treating you with this deference
that's maybe undeserved, right? Because
there are diabetics that have
brittle diabetes or have become
unconscious and crash their car.
Who am I to complain
so levels in all things.
Yeah, absolutely. I think, you
know, for me, the, the
one sort of takeaway from
this experience was an innocence
was lost if you will,
as far as how I
perceive my body, you know,
and that's been interesting to
me in part, because I
am a nurse now and
you know, I see people
coming all the time to
the hospital, but also because
of my own journey where
it's like, yeah, you know,
you talked about brittle diabetes,
this, this faith, if you
will let ahead in my
body that, you know, my,
my job was to, to
continue to do the best
I could to eat. You
know? I mean, I don't
eat amazingly well, I don't
exercise like at all. Okay.
Co-sign that you do not
eat amazing, But that's still
for the most part, you
know, I don't eat junk
food 24 seven. Right. We
don't, we don't drink, we
don't smoke. We don't eat
junk. We, when you say
innocence lost, you're really meaning
that you're not invincible and
you finally figured out. Yeah.
Yeah. And it's, it manifests
in very interesting ways. When
I was going to nursing
school, they, they required that
we take these tests and
one of the tests that
I needed, I think it
need an xray for this.
And I needed blood work
for that. And I just
remember thinking, Oh my gosh,
you know, this reminded me
so much of when I
went in for my path,
I was feeling just fine.
Had no symptoms at all.
You know? And then when
all of a sudden Diane,
I was told, okay, you
have cancer. So I was
kind of, I had this
anxiety of, okay, I'm going
in for, it's supposed to
be a routine blood test
for school, you know, who
knows what else they're going
to find. And as it
turned out, you couldn't come
with me. I think you
had to drop the boys
off at school or something
when I got the results.
And I remember sitting in
the car, holding this envelope
and thinking, okay, here we
go again. So yeah, that,
that really, I had never
felt that before, before I
just took my part for
granted, of course I was
fine. Of course I felt
fine, you know, kind of
thing. So that's been an
interesting thing that I've sort
of taken away from my
experience. Remember also, one of
the weird things about your
cancer situation is that you
learned, you had cancer through
a, a clerical mistake where
they called you, the, the
cancer doctor called for an
appointment and said, hi, we're
calling from the oncologist to
make an appointment, to deal
with your cancer. And you
were like, Whoa, I had
cancer because the doctor had
been calling from a blocked
number. So we don't pick
up on known numbers and
we'd missed that out. So
after a week of him
calling after your path, he
finally gave up and referred
you to the cancer doctor.
So unfortunately we learned from
the scheduler that you have
cancer, which is not the
way you want to learn
these things. Yeah. I mean,
it didn't go down quite
like that. I wasn't ignoring
any cause. Cause we, you
know, we listened to voicemail.
Right. Actively. I know the
point is, was we never
heard the guy was calling.
I mean, didn't even know
He didn't call, he didn't
call. He, he got a
consult and the oncologist assumed
that he was doing a
handoff. So my OB GYN
called the oncologist and said,
I want to consult on
such and such a patient.
And then colleges took that
to me. I'm transferring her
to your care. So then
college is very efficient and
got his people working on
it. So yeah, not quite
as long, I thought we
were missing his calls because
I blocked on own calls
and they don't even ring.
No, no, it wasn't that.
But anyway, he was going
to call me when he
got back from vacation. So
the whole thing was quite,
But is it a comedy
of errors is the point.
Yeah, but again, I mean,
I think the truth of
the matter is no matter
how you learn, if it
being told that you have
cancer is never going to
be a good day for
anybody. Right. I don't care
if my we'll be joined
himself had called me. It
still would not have been
a good experience that yes,
definitely far better to hear
it from him than to
hear it from the secretary
who then was doing her
best. I mean, talk about
somebody at a rough day
at the office. I can
imagine that she had a
pretty bad day that day.
You know, she just, you
could just hear in her
voice, she was just felt
so bad that I'm so
sorry. I'm trying to backpedal.
How do you undo that
and how do you, how
do you sell that, that,
you know, rung Mo I
mean, rung, Hanselman, what, when
do you say, you know,
but it's, it is what
it is and we got
through it and yeah, So
many years ago when we
did the first podcast, you
have, you have an MBA,
you were doing finance, you
were working at a nonprofit
fast forward. Now you are
working nurse as a medical
surgical nurse. Did you getting
cancer caused you to go
into nursing or is that
unrelated? It was unrelated. I
had already started the process
of taking classes. I was
doing anatomy and physiology at
the time. So actually having
the classes kind of helped
me cause they were a
distraction, you know? So there
wasn't a lot of downtime
to sit there and sort
of have a pity party.
I mean, between, you know,
you being on the road
every so often and the
kids and then me being
in class that there just,
wasn't a lot of downtime
for me to agonize and
worry and be like, Oh
my gosh, you know, it
was pretty much just go
in and get the path,
come back at the results,
go back again, you know,
back and forth, do what
we had to do, have
the surgery. And I remember
like a couple, I had
my surgery on a Friday
and then on Tuesday I
had an anatomy physiology exam.
And it just, just like,
you gotta, you gotta do
it all. You gotta repeat
the class and no way,
cause I repeat it, you
know, I was going to
drop out of the class
or anything like that. So
it really helped me. I
mean, it's it's of course
by far was the support
that I got from you
right in family and stuff
like that. But having other
things to distract me, made
the time pass by quicker.
And I, in hindsight, I
really appreciate that and thankful
that I had that. So
It seems like you and
I tend to do dumb
stuff like that. I remember
I had my appendix out
on a Tuesday and then
that Wednesday or Thursday, I
was on a plane to
Sweden for a conference. And
I remember being scolded for
doing stuff immediately after surgery.
So it seems to be
a recurring theme of staying
busy, but also perhaps making
foolish decisions. So we do,
I mean, if it was
foolishness on your part, because
you had a choice, you
know, for me, I was
committed. It was a class
for God's sake, man. I
had no choice. My hands
were tied. Why don't we
do stuff like that? Like
I just got back from
South Africa and then you were
mad at me because I
didn't take Monday off work.
Are we both trying to
tell each other to take
a break and we each
refuse to do it? Oh,
you refused to do it.
Don't take a break all
the time. I'm trying to
imply symmetry here and the
relationship and you are not
taking, you're not going for
it. Why, why is that?
There is none. I'm the
better person. No, but seriously
we both do that. We
knew neither one of us
takes the other's advice for
like chilling out. We're always
telling each other, you should
probably chill out. Yeah. I
mean, when you know, most
people, I think I'm pretty
bad at that. You know,
we know what the right
thing to do is in
some of these cases we
just don't do it. So
yeah. We both need to
get better at that. And
it's a responsible thing to
do really. You know, you
know, you're gonna be jetlagged
take a day or two
and just give yourself permission
to recover and along event.
Yeah. So I went to
South Africa and I got to
speak at a couple of
conferences and I went to,
and while I was in
South Africa, I got to hang
out with your family. Cause
you've got seven. Well, you
are four of seven. So
there's six brothers and sisters
get to hang out with
them. This is the second
time we went. One of
us went down there, but
we didn't go together. Right.
They came up here for
our 15 year wedding vow,
renewal. But that was an
interesting thing like like 10
years ago, I don't think
I would imagine like traveling
alone, like me going to
see your family, who you
going to see your family
alone. Because when you're at
that point in marriage where
it's like, we have to
do everything together, you know,
we have to buy all
produce together. We have to
go to the shop. You
know what I'm saying? But
now we're like, yeah, I'm
going to South Africa. I'll see
your family while I'm there.
You know what I'm saying?
Is that like something that's
only happens after 15, 17
years of marriage? I don't
know. I mean, I think
as we mature right in
the relationship, I mean, we
get more comfortable with each
other and you probably have
got more comfortable with my
family. Right. We are a
bit of an obnoxious group
and it takes awhile to
really get us and what
we're about. And so by
the time you reach, you
know, once it has a
10 year Mark, I think
you're in you. You've made
it the decided, okay, this
guy is here to stay.
I think it's 17 years
this year. Right. I keep
saying 15, but you corrected
me today, publicly on Facebook.
Thank you for that. That
it's 17 years. I'm I
think I may be. They
may be cool with me
now. Yeah. Cool with you
now. Yeah. Yeah. I just
feel like I've possibly reached
that, that level, which is
cool. So yeah, it was
good to see them. Of
course you, you made me
take a lot of gifts.
And when I post, I
always post little cute things
like that on Facebook, about
how you always have me
take gifts. Everyone who has
family overseas apparently does this.
I thought it was a,
you know, South African thing
or Zimbabwean thing. Apparently it's
universal. You have to take
the maximum number of poundage,
no matter what country you're
going to, to like take
jeans and shirts and candy
and stuff like that. So
I apologize for implying that
maybe it was just your
family that wanted the maximum
kg of baggage. That's right.
That judgment that I heard
before. I'm glad to see
that you're eating humble pie.
No, but it's funny. My
sister and I were kind
of kidding. When you came
back, I asked you what
your allowance was for the
weight of the suitcase. I
think you said it was
22. I think it's the
20, 23 is the max.
So when you said 23
was a max and then
I asked you how much
a bag weight, and you
said 22.5. And I said,
Oh, it lost half a
kilo farmer. You know? Yeah.
It is sometimes been much.
It's an expensive way to
be, but really it's supposed
to be expressing, you know,
thoughtfulness and just, you're happy
to see people in here.
It's a small thing. I
used to show that. I
thought if you, so when
it's done, right, it's not
supposed to be expensive. A
thoughtful. Yeah. Although tragically, U
S customs took all the
biltong, all of the beef
Turkey was taken at the
border and deed. And that
sucked because that was like
fricking two kg of meat,
our laws. Well, it turns
out we were, we were
cheated because the biltong salespeople
said, Oh yeah, just it's
okay if you bring it
when it's vacuum packed, that's
a lie. It's never okay.
They're trying to sneak it
past the dogs or whatever.
So I didn't mean to
break international law, but fortunately
I declared everything. So tip,
tip to anyone who travels
declare stuff. Cause if you
don't, they'll just take the
whole bag or actually it
can be arrested. I mean,
so full of dark there
as well. But yeah. And
I guess we should have
known better in that. I
think we kind of knew
that meat isn't it isn't
a lot. I really, I
mean, I'm not, I wasn't
trying to sneak meat in.
I honestly thought that if
it was vacuum packed, that
somehow meant something like it
was a feeling about it
at the store. I didn't
go and like tromp around
on a farm, getting farm
dirt on my feet. Yeah.
Insult the meat myself. I
just seemed, I was just
kind of bummed, but there
was another two kg loss
that could have been spent
on Nando's sauce. Yeah. Yeah.
Every time one travels, I
think you learn one new
thing, right. At least. So
it's, it's, it's always a
good lesson, but I have
a question for you. How
was that experience? I mean,
being there, not just with
my family, of course, but
just being in South Africa as
a white male, without your
black wife, did you feel
different? Did you, did you
notice anything? That's an interesting
question because last time you
and I were in Zimbabwe,
we, we did like a
little mini experiment where you
and I were standing on
the corner in downtown, below
iOS and way. And we
were, I think it's fair
to say extremely conspicuous. Like,
you know, I was the
only white guy within several
kilometers. Let's say, if not,
if not dozens of kilometers
and everyone was looking at
me and then I just
went and kind of like
went into an alleyway. And
then the whole, you know,
after about three minutes, the
entire street changed. Like the,
I was not visible. I
will, you, you became immediately
invisible. And no one noticed
that there was a visitor
in South Africa. I found that
kind of the same thing.
I was effectively invisible depending
on which spaces that I
was in. So if we
were at a predominantly white
mall and I'm walking around
and we just assumed it
was a white South African
until I opened my mouth.
But, but of course I
always open my mouth. That's
right. Yeah. Thank you for
your confidence. So like whenever
I go to a country
that is not an English
speaking country, I do my
very best to at least
get 10, 12, 20 phrases
down. I think it's polite
to try to order in
the local language. Of course,
every country is different. The
French don't like you speaking,
Pat French, nothing's worse than
ordering in the local language
and having them switch to
English with that quiet implicit.
Oh wow. You don't speak
the language. So I'll switch
to English, The effort, no
matter where you are, the
French, you know, South Africans
Zimbabweans, everybody appreciates the effort
to say, wow, this guy
is trying so kudos to
yeah. Yeah. It was funny.
I was ordering something at
a restaurant and tried to,
you know, try to basically
the whole greeting. How are
you doing? What am I
going to order? What can
I get, try to do
the whole thing. And in
Zulu, and that immediately caused
all of the ladies who
were running the front desk
to kind of run over.
Where's your wife, who is
your wife? Who taught you
this? Where's your wife right
now? Well, it became, I
wouldn't say virtue. It became
a little weird when they
said, where's your wife currently.
There is, I don't mean
to in any way, imply
that. I just thought it
was interesting that your location
currently became quite, quite the
point of interest. Yeah. It
didn't, it didn't quite devolve
to the point where baby
pictures came out, you know,
of the boys, but it
was interesting. And then someone
said, wow, you've got to
be careful. You're going to
give people a bad name
because you can make everyone
have to learn the local
language. So I don't know,
I enjoy it. I enjoy
trying to fit in any
time I travel. So it
was weird though, because there's
the travel ban that's going
on, made things awkward. It
was always the number one
point of conversation. But showing
people that you're willing to
try to speak the local
language or at least limp
your way through the local
language, inevitably made everyone smile
and actually got me through
a number of weird things
that happened at the airport.
I think I told you
that I didn't have a
ticket when I got there
because of some confusion. And
there was a missing seat
and there were double bookings.
And I, I believe that
through being pleasant, through being
kind and through, you know,
like I said, 20 odd
words of Zulu got me,
at least I wouldn't say
charmed my way through, but
at least made them realize,
Oh, this person's kind and
worth helping. And they had
a little more patience with
me then maybe I think,
yeah, Yeah. I mean, and
that's true everywhere. You know,
I, many years ago I
worked as a, a waitress
and you know, right now
I work as a nurse,
as I said, and you
work with people and I'm
always surprised at how people
forget that basic concept, that
little pro tip that you're
giving that be pleasant, you
know, for crying out loud.
It, it helps make the
conversation go better for you.
The patient says to me,
Hey, Mo, do you have
time to bring me some
ice water is more likely
to get that ice water
as soon as I can.
And the one that says,
I demand my ice water
now, you know, so all
the time, because people think
they're not in a hospital
and they take that to
be a hotel. So it's
like chop, chop get to
it quickly. And sometimes it's
like, no, that's not going
to happen. And now that
you've talked to me that
way, it's going to take
even longer. It's being been
God for being respectful, being
polite, being patient yourself, it's
a good way to travel.
It's a good way to
visit another country. And it
just, it makes us look
good. Say, wow, he is
a pleasant American, you know,
coming to visit. And how
nice is that? So Yeah,
of course, when you do
learn to speak a little
bit of a language and
you speak it well, or
at least it sounds like
you're speaking it. Well, I
do get myself into a
number of situations where I
was asking for directions and
they gave the directions entirely
in the local language. And
I was only getting like
every other word, you know
what I mean? So like
I was at a mall
and I went up to
the information booth and I
was like, you know, Johnny
CC, Gabrielle, and Johnny assay.
And then it's like, since
she's like, okay, and she's
saying all this and Julia,
you know, okay, go down
here, hang a left. .
And I'm like, and I'm
like, ah, and I'm in
my mind, I'm going left.
Right. Left straight. Right. And
like, that's all I've got,
you know what I mean?
So I'm pretty sure I
know where I'm going, but
I'm just nodding. Oh yeah.
Coconut. Apple. Okay. Okay. Okay.
You know, and then, then
I'm like, okay. And then
I'm in my mind, I'm
playing back the conversation, trying
to remember which words would
happen because talking to you
and practicing is one thing,
but then being dropped into
a country where they're busting
it out at, you know,
a hundred words a minute,
it's fast, it's fast and
the words squished together. Yeah.
So you, it turns out
all these years, you've been
not squishing the words together.
And if you get down
there, it's just like, Oh
wow. They really talk fast
here. Yeah. It's no different.
They didn't listen to the
TV and just like, Whoa,
Holy cow. Yeah. Like trying
to practice my Spanish while
watching, you know, Spanish teach
Spanish news. Yeah. It's, it's
interesting. It's interesting. If someone
would just close caption them,
then I'd be fine. You
know what I mean? I
need people close captioning and
then it would be totally
cool. So your family misses
you and wants you to
come down there. So you
should, you should get down
there right away. It was
a long flight It's long
and it's expensive. I mean,
cause when we travel now
as a family, you know,
taking the four of us,
man, it adds up. Yeah.
It's really challenging. And of
course, trying to travel with
two boys that are not
teenagers, it was two 10
hour flights and a seven
hour flight plus two and
a half to three hour
layover. So I think what
was I, 30, 33 or
34 hours door to door.
And even, I don't know
where I am or what's
going on. You know, I
don't know what time it
is. I mean, jet lag,
jet lag is a real
thing, you know? And it's,
it's tough for parents because
you know, I mean we're
reasonably good parents and, and
we don't want to fill
our kids with, you know,
nothing but TV for 34
hours or whatever. But man,
it's tough at some point
you're like, there's nothing of
a trap in this tiny
plane. You know, there's no
one for you to kick
a ball so you can
work off that energy and
it should be a ball
kicking areas right in the
plane plane. But you know,
honestly watching, like I used
to think, Oh, I'll just
watch every movie that I
didn't see in the theaters
that almost makes it worse.
The, the headache you get,
the I'm watching too many
screens headache. So you have
the I'm in an aluminum
tin can in the sky
headache, there's the, I'm not
drinking enough water. I'm eating
crappy food. Cause I'm on
a plane combine. All of
those are all distinct individual
kinds of like feeling gross.
You know what I mean?
Like I've been up too
long. I feel gross. I'm
eating crappy food. I feel
gross. I'm not drinking enough
water. I feel gross. And
now I've been watching TV
for the last 13 hours.
I feel gross. You know,
there's just no solution. If
there was just a track
in the back that I
could like run our a
hamster wheel, because what you
want to do is like
sprint, just, just to get
your legs stretched or a
yoga class in the back,
you think it's cyclist do
a yoga class. That'd be
an amazing way to fly.
But you know, and the
interesting thing is I always
used to pride myself on
being disciplined to be like,
okay, well I'm going to
go to the bathroom cause
I can stand airplane toilets.
I mean, so I'm like,
okay, I'm going to go
before I get on the
plane, then I'll, I'll drink
a little as possible. Then
I'll go. No, I mean,
it's not a 27 hour
flight, right. You've got it's
10 hours and you can
lay over it. So I'm
like, I'll go before the
turnover flight, you know, all
that. Well, it's a good
bladder right back in the
day when I had a
good bladder anyway, you know,
and of course that's the
worst thing you can possibly
do cause you've got a
hydrate and then you've got
to get up and move.
You know, those are gonna
end up with his blood
clots and when have you
in your legs. So anyway,
it's like, Yeah, disturbing all
this stuff that you know,
now that you're a nurse
of like all the bad
things that can happen. I've
been doing this wrong all
my life. So yeah, it's,
it's, it's important to get
up, to drink your water,
to hydrate. You know, I
actually went and hit out
in the, in the, in
the handicap bathroom for five
minutes because it's like the
biggest bathroom. Cause it's like
a shame. Well, I mean
there were no people in
line to be clear. I'm
just pointing out that like
when you need a bright,
small office where you can
just kind of lay in
an airplane where you can
just kind of like rock
back and forth and say,
I have, you know, cause
10 hours and 54 K
you know, kinda sucks. He
was not the awesomest seat.
So I just felt I
needed a bright place to
hide. So I went to
the portal, I went to
the porta-potty and just sat
there and just said, Oh,
this, you know what I
mean? Can I just see
the sun again? That's all
right. Will this never end?
Yeah. But it's always nice
then when you land on
the other side and then
there's always just for me
anyway, this, this moment when
you're just like, wow, this
morning I was in Johannesburg
and now I'm in Portland,
Oregon. How amazing is that?
Like how, how great is
technology? You know, That that
is, is weird because there's
no actual border between the
days cause you sleep, but
it's never like Epic eight
hour. I fell asleep in
a day past sleep. It's
always like, your body knows
that it's fake, not really
good sleep. So I, I
get off the plane, you
pick me up and then
we go and we get
some food that like makes
us happy. Right. So I
go to my bagel shop
or whatever, and then I'm
there. And the guy's like,
how are you doing? And
I look at him and
I go, I was in
Johannesburg like an hour ago
because that's what it feels
like. You know what I
mean? Cause there was like,
I got up this morning,
I put my feet on
the ground and I was
on the African continent and
then some stuff happened, yada,
yada, yada. And now I'm
in Portland getting a bagel.
That, that part is weird.
So then, then you find
yourself questioning like, did it
ever happen? Was I there
for two weeks? What, what
was going on? What was
it happening when you were
here? You know, one thing
that I realized that's changed
since cause you and I
have been going back and
forth to the African continent
for 17 years, plus the,
the sense of isolation is
less. So we never had
WhatsApp. We never had Skype.
When we went originally we
had $3 and $3, a
minute phone calls that were
scratching. What was different with
me being gone over there,
but being able to FaceTime
you and the boys every
day. Did that feel like
I was closer? Yeah. I
mean, it definitely felt like
you were close. I think
only a couple of times
where either we couldn't hear
you clearly or something like
that, but otherwise man, when
the connection was great, you
were right here. I mean,
it could have been like
I was in Wichita. Right.
I mean, it wasn't the,
you said it was a
weird connection sometimes, but that
happens in here. Right, right.
But I mean, it felt
like we were right next
door, like in your office
and I was outside, you
know? So that was, that
was just, yeah. Again, technology
is just amazing and they
do that. Everybody's got cell
phones at this way. More
people there than did before
and know the technology is
amazing and that's, that's pretty,
pretty interesting. I didn't have
a question for you though.
It's also as far as
the weather, I mean, cause
you know, it's winter over
here, some over there and
that juxtaposition and the aggressiveness
of one moment Trent summer,
the next year in winter
or how has that as
a diabetic, too, to deal
with that, the back and
forth. No, I'm interested that
you added as a diabetic.
I don't know. What does
diabetes have to do with
the weather for you? Well,
I mean, it's, you know,
if you're a sweaty, then
they might change your insulin
and how long it lasts.
That kind of a thing.
Not really. I think it's
more I've I was born
in Oregon, you know, I
don't know what it is
in Celsius, but room temperature
for me is about 65.
You know, I grew up
sleeping with the windows open
because that's how you were
meant to sleep. Right? Well,
well here we are. And
you know, you're using the
fuck. The fireplace is on
because when you have a
blanket, that's an electric blanket.
So you and I, you
know, after all these years
of marriage, I would say
are one 80 degrees off,
what do you think? 15,
20 degrees. Let's just be
real. What's your preferred temperature
in Fahrenheit? No, really. Come
on. Don't be silly When
I feel like I don't
need a sweater. I'm comfortable,
you know? Yeah. Maybe five,
nine 90 or a dry
dry humidity please. Okay. Well,
so while I was there,
it was 87 to 90,
but it was like 80
plus humid. It was just
ridiculous. So it was like
get out of the shower,
towel off and then you're
wet. Yeah, that it's the
humidity that bothers me the
most, it was a crisp,
dry 90. I could handle
that, but it was just
the I'm sweating my hair,
sweaty, everything sweaty that I
don't like, but, but you're
right. Like I got back
and it was 68, 65
and it was like if
like the world's air conditioning
was on and I was
just like, I found my
set point. So yeah, I
would definitely say that. I
don't think I would ever,
if we lived, we lived
there and moved there. It
would be very challenging for
me to get used to
the heat, not to mention
I got burned. I wasn't
paying attention, walking in the
streets of Nairobi, you know,
with all my buddies, of
course I'm the one that
gets burned and it took
six minutes. You know what
I mean? Like we walked
to the Messiah market and
we walked back and they're
like, you don't look so
good Scott. And you're like,
Oh yeah, I've been on
the content for six minutes
and I'm already, I'm exactly,
I'm a lobster. So I
don't know that's a challenge,
but it was, it, it
is always a good experience
to go over there. Met
a lot of great friends,
got to hang out with
your family, which is cool.
And, and then we'll head
back there next year. Hopefully,
Hopefully. Yeah. Pretty excited by
my brother getting married and
my sister getting married. So
that should be fun. Cool.
Well, that's our time. Thank
you. Small life for hanging
out with me here on
Hansel minutes. I'd love to
say we didn't talk about
the working both couples working,
you know, both members of
the, of the teamwork and
all that stuff. But we'll
have to say that the
next time. Right? Well, so
last time we did this
with 300 episodes ago. Do
we wait 300 episodes? If
you want to hear more
from my wife on this
podcast, let me know in
the comments and maybe she
will come on. I don't
know, couple times a year
if you're interested and we
can do one on working,
working parents, working people in
a relationship. Yeah. I mean,
I'm always interested in hearing
how other people do it
because it can be hard,
but yeah. Sounds good. Okay,
cool. This has been another
episode of Hansel minutes and
I'll see you again next
week. .